# WEBMESH
The project is developed using PHP as front end and MySQL as back end. In 2020 Online examinations are an important method for saving lectures sample marking time. It also saves student the hassle of putting pen and paper to demonstrate their knowledge in area of study and also it can reduce the workload and money. This research effort the individuals under consideration were students who would be enrolling in computer courses or Technologies Registrations. A prototype of a web-basedplacement examination system is described from the standpoint of the research effort, end user, and software development. Users enrolled in the platform may access the electronic details they provided and perform various functions with the online educational system in order to participate in the online examinations. Users can receive an online exam, having multimedia content, for the course, and they can electronically provide answers for the exam. And after Completion of their duration of exam they are provided the grade or marks securedin their examinations. The administrators, instructor, Students who are attending for online examination can communicate with the system through this project, thus facilitating effective implementation and monitoring of various activities of Online Examinations like conducting Exams as per scheduled basis and delivering result to that particular use or student. And the details of students who attempted Online Examination are maintained at administrator.
